actually think of eggs every every week
yeah offense you brought her eggs yeah
Bob sorry
yeah chose to make sex exit for that not
shortly and I have two masses this is
the dizzy world no drugs booze no drugs
rock and roll it's accent chopping your
bak can I just mention the book it's
you're gonna get into trouble over that
title not allowed to say BBC so I've
grown but I did a pre I didn't
pre-recorded interview with them and
they edited out the title but it's a
it's a god book I'm reading at the
moment so god it's not it's not the good
book yes great book it's an interesting
book it's the ramblings of a maniac it's
a very funny book and I'm very proud of
it but it's only God's tool number seven
in the bestsellers list
well after you've been on this show and
after I've given it the hard sell you'll
get a number one overnight and Gavin say
I love you mix up our pyrex book I'm
sorry
alongside
yes I'm gonna do the conversation now
good yes you just set the zippers Junior
I got me some casts out and stretch it
for you
don't forget what are you watching right
now could win up to 10,000 of you join
an rector if you call him at the correct
answer to this question thank you
we will pay off your payment and store
cards to the maximum of 10,000 Caroline
to win this prize just answer this a
question when you share a bank account
with somebody it's called a adjoint
account be a tied account or see an
interlocking account to enter by Furcal
now on Oh nine oh one two nine double
three nine double five to enter by text
simply text the word Paul followed by
your answer a B or C two six travel
three southern entries cost one pound
lines closed at midday tomorrow and all
details on our website
Langella gadna just laid us in the so
that we sense our last expose neck and
Johnson New York City and is how they
got on a Coney Island's legendary
sideshow Eiffel will carry on in which
is New York's answer to Blackpool but
with hate we're about to go make
something about strange people would
just welcome the Cloney Island sideshow
by the sea
when you strain
well the show's over and apparently some
of New York's top critics are in this
we're gonna find out what they thought
white girls what did you think of the
show
Oh Q today I suppose a little strange
reindeer rocks with a haffley's Fred
Taylor and stomp with a master class on
this Oh
just spin let's don't go anyway but now
unless tomorrow Latin singing sensation
Ricky Martin and award-winning actress
see John Stehr